  I found Kohn's article to be very powerful in terms of the best means for students to learn new concepts and truly push themselves. It was honestly not an article I expected to read in a statistics-based course of all courses: where we are continuously working to quantify and make sense of data from the world surrounding us. I think it is a great concept to have personalized feedback and personal reflection with the teacher/professor in the grading process instead of comparing against a standard.

  I felt that in middle and highschool I would simply follow the grading rubric to a fault, in that similarly to what Kohn was arguing, I wouldn't push myself beyond what the minimum requirement was to get the 'A'. I essentially breezed through high school and by the time I reached college, I found it much more difficult to actually study and retain information for the sake of learning. 

  I think the concept of getting the best grade does diminish from what is actually learned because I've found that I tend to have a very good short term memory, which benefits me greatly for testing, but not for long term retention of the information on said tests. I think if there was more of an imperative to push myself to my own personal limits instead of just my performance compared to peers, I may found more joy in the learning process instead of the raw competitive nature in schooling.
  
  There have also been several instances where I feel that I did work that I guarantee was not my best work, yet the grading scale was set low enough that I ended up doing very well in the class without feeling like I truly learned or contributed anything beyond the bare minimum. It's a bittersweet feeling because yes I got a good "grade" in the course, but I feel that I wasn't able to fully devote any impactful time or energy into the subject. This may stem from the professor's devotion to the rubric and grading upon previously stated goals which I would easily be able to meet. I feel that when the bar is set too low, I don't feel much of a drive to challenge myself beyond what the bare minimum is. Simultaneously, I think that if the bar is set too high (such as in a "weeding out" course), it can be discouraging in the opposite way in that it feels like the professor is just out to get us and not actually provide a reasonable means to learn within the confines of the course.
  
  Without grading, I think that I would have felt more of a desire to push myself to my own capabilities. I have had teachers/professors in the past that I have felt a sense of dissapointment from because I knew that the knew that I was not submitting my best work. That is a huge motivator to me to have someone that can recognize the potential in others and try to push them to achieve their best. I feel that I would have felt more of an obligation to my professors and myself if it wasn't purely just a contest to get the best grade.
